do you think your cost of living is too
high well in this video I'm going to
tell you why it's about to get out of
control into outer space you came here
for the truth so let me unveil that for
you what are we talking about
c28 you may have heard of this an event
that was set up you had all these
different countries people
Representatives supernational entities
all coming together Under One Roof to
talk about climate change what are we
going to do about or what are the
changes we're going to make and I'm
about to show you why in that meeting
that very important meeting something
very subtle and yet extremely important
for you the prices that you pay on
everything are going to change right
about now let's get into it right away
there are two points that I need to make
and while I will cover this and I'll
give you the details your friend Al Gore
had a lot to say I wanted to show you
this as well
c28 agreement is is about to crush your
standard of living we have this divide
in between the East and the West which
is right smack dab in the middle of the
Middle East and that's where we have
found the biggest change so they meet in
Dubai and at this meeting some very
important things have happened and I'll
show you countries will delay their
goals because you've probably heard this
by 2030 we are going to do so and so by
2035 we're going to do this and it
depends it's the electric vehicles it's
the fact that the emissions need to be
Net Zero all businesses have to abide by
these rules and so on and so every
country comes to the table and basically
says okay by 2030 what are you going to
achieve and what I have found and it is
very apparent right here at
c28 that the West is going head first
they've got to push for it they are the
ones that are saying we will make sure
that this gets done by 2030 and yet the
other countries have said we have no way
to do that but we're going to try to
make this Target and this target we
promise it's going to be a okay okay in
a matter of time you see what's
happening here right at the time in
which we have the shift starting the
multi-polar world it is those countries
that are part of this growth that are
saying well we can't necessarily get
there by 2030 with the electric vehicles
or the Net Zero but we're going to try
our best and I'm going to show you that
we'll explain in this further why that's
going to hurt you real bad because the
United States Canada UK they are all
really affecting your lifestyle which
for example you want to go into the
center of Manhattan you got to pay the
toll you want to go into the center of
London you got to pay the toll or you've
got to have the electric vehicle all
these different things are happening
right now in which in the end it's a
higher cost of living for you do you see
and more control by the way phase down
not phase out cop 28 deal on fossil
fuels disappoints activists and
vulnerable States what they're talking
about the vulnerable States is those
like the maldiv and other areas that
they're saying hey they need to get
their stuff fixed uh globally or else
they're going to be in bad shape that's
the story anyway and so they want to
suggest that hey let's get off of these
things like oil and who was the leader
who was the head of the cop 28 well
let's talk about that Al Gore repeatedly
took aim at Al jabber being picked by
the UAE to chair the climate conference
at uh as the summit host the local
government chooses the president of the
talks he's a nice guy he's a smart guy
I've known from years but he has direct
conflict of interest and this isn't some
kind of nitpicking complaint this goes
to the heart of whether or not the world
is going to have the ability to make
Intelligent Decisions about the future
what's he talking about he says this his
main job is the head of the oil company
and honestly when I look at massive
expansion PL that they have to increase
their production of oil 50% increase
their production of gas when it ends do
you think uh do you take Us For Fools
and so that's what's going on right
imagine this the Big Oil and Gas Company
he comes out he's the head of the cop 28
and uh the you know the thought here was
that behind the scenes they were doing
some back door deals at this event we
don't know but ultimately what we can
see here is that some countries are
saying okay we're committing to 2030 and
we will lower the standard of living of
our people to make sure that is attained
you and by the way you could be on
either side it it actually does not
matter you could say I I completely
agree with the agenda I am completely
against the agenda I don't believe it at
all or I'm wholeheartedly believe it it
literally doesn't matter because the
governments are going through with this
and the supernational entities that are
above our governments are going with it
and so we've got to get stuck but some
countries are going to say look we're
not going to get off of coal we're not
going to get off of oil but you know
we'll also use some solar panels and
we'll also use this that that's what's
going on right here and
now here we have it they are abusing The
public's trust by naming the CEO of one
of the largest and least responsible oil
companies in the world as the head of
the
cop and basically saying they shouldn't
be doing this they are increasing their
emissions and so on look this is the
thing they are
potentially doing things that they that
will benefit their countries in this new
World Order in this you know Global
South whatever they call it they have so
many different names and now what we can
see is that you are going to be part of
that agenda but some other countries
maybe not the case Okay cop 28 president
secretly used climate Summit role to
push oil trade with foreign government
officials so this is the official one
you're going to see this quoted a lot of
different articles are quoting quoting
quoting this is the one okay and that's
the claim okay leak documents reveal um
cop 28 president and the UAE national
Oil Company boss plans to discuss
boosting fossil fuel business in
bilateral meetings in the climate at the
climate Summit so when you look at that
you know take it for what it is this is
the document that suggests that uh
supposedly never happened but what I
have to just think of is who in the end
stands to gain and who will lose and who
stands to gain is of course the big
businesses and those countries which set
their own agenda who stands to lose it's
you and I
okay looking at this it's just basically
talking about you know the the different
things that have happened previously
ultimately not meeting their goals that
that's what this whole thing is about
not meeting their goals they say they're
going to do the goals they never meet
them and they they always fall short
okay if you want to get like the good
talk if you want to be able to interact
with me and with others on this stuff
like I can't really get deep on this
obviously we do that on Discord so the
link for the Discord if you go down in
the description it's there I would love
to hear from you we have about, 1500
people in here it is a pretty active
Discord group so I would like to see you
in their Link in the description like I
said can't go too deep in here but at
least we do have a place where we can do
that
interesting enough uh interestingly
enough we have this the the latest dirty
word in Corporate America is ESG now
this is all something that I've been
covering a thousand times before and
what does it tell us it's that people
are tired and fed up of the nonsense but
the funniest part there were some that
were cheering the yeah we we we won
against ESG we got rid of it and there's
others are saying oh no ESG we got to do
this they literally say in here that all
they're doing is the the they're doing
the exact same things nothing has
changed they're just renaming
ESG you see the agenda doesn't change
the path the direction the trajectory
doesn't change it's just the names they
just confuse things they move it around
and the people in the end have to take
it here I'm just talking about resources
different things this is talking about
uh security concerns in the Red Sea
boosts us oil appeal very interesting
right because they can export a lot of
oil and we'll see if that does continue
are they going to be shipping more and
more to Europe they have to figure
something out obviously for Europe with
natural gas and so on what's going to
happen here I'm interested to hear what
you think in that are we going to
continuously see the us outputting a lot
of oil nuclear is another one as nuclear
debate near French Minister sees
potential for 14 new reactors so they
were decommissioning them they were
putting them all offline now 14 new
reactors bullish hint hint bullish on
uranium although the price has
accelerated dramatically since I started
talking about it in
2020 Britain to invest 300 million
pounds in Next Generation nuclear fuel
program again more of that just want
talk about that you can see the energy
usage is one thing and this is the one
like there's debate about you know is it
safe or not that's a whole different
debate but certainly it could power it
you know can do a lot and it would be
classified potentially as part of that
ESG clean eco-friendly and so on
depending how it's done the new reactor
is very different than the old reactors
if they do this they could meet the
Power demand otherwise they're going to
be using pull so you know you decide if
you want to know all the ins and outs
all the details I cover that on the
finance Friday it's a live class that I
do have where I share things with people
that I just can't get into on the
YouTube so I want to see you there and
that is something that all the details
of which are in the link in the
description okay this is the best thing
that I can do for everybody and so I
want to see you there hopefully we'll be
able to connect through those Zoom
classes link is in the description
um and of course don't forget to hit
that thumbs up because when you do
you're supporting the channel and
notifying that algorithm hey check out
this guy that's all you got to do hit
that thumbs up button and of course I'll
see you tomorrow take care